WELCOME TO THE THURSDAY,
DECEMBER 14TH, TWO THOUSAND
TWENTY THREE MEETING AT THE ANN
ARBOR HISTORIC DISTRICT
COMMISSION THIS MEETING IS HELD
IS BEING HELD IN PERSON AND
ELECTRONICALLY.
WE INTEND TO CONDUCT THIS
HYBRID SIMILARLY TO AN
IN-PERSON MEETING.
HOWEVER, PLEASE BE PATIENT IF
THERE ARE TECHNICAL ISSUES,
MEMBERS OF THE PUBLIC WOULD
LIKE TO COMMENT ON HEARINGS OR
OTHER MATTERS MAY DO SO IN
PERSON OR VIRTUALLY TO SPEAK
DURING ANY OF THE PUBLIC
COMMENT OPPORTUNITIES PLEASE
CALL TWO ZERO SIX THREE THREE
SEVEN NINE SEVEN TWO THREE OR
TOLL FREE EIGHT SEVEN SEVEN
EIGHT FIVE THREE FIVE TO FOUR
SEVEN ENTER MEETING IDX NINE
SIX FIVE THREE SIX SIX NINE
NINE SEVEN SIX TWO.
THIS INFORMATION IS ALSO
AVAILABLE ON THE PUBLIC AGENDA
IN THE PUBLIC NOTICES SECTION
OF THE CITY WEBSITE AND ON THE
BROADCAST OF THIS MEETING ON
C10 CTM CAN BE FOUND ON XFINITY
CHANNEL SIXTEEN AT&T CHANNEL
NINETY NINE STREAMING ONLINE ON
YOUTUBE OR AT EIGHT TO GOV.
SLASH WATCH C10 CHRIS WILL YOU
PLEASE CALL ROLL THAT'S HER
HERE HERE JESSICA PIANO HERE
DAVID ROCKLIN HERE BENJAMIN
DOLDRUM YOU'RE SMITH HERE AND
STEVE KAPLAN FORM THANK YOU
VERY MUCH WILL NOW TAKE A LOOK
AT THE AGENDA AND I'M WONDERING
IF THERE'S ANY ADDITIONS,
DELETIONS OR CHANGES TO
TONIGHT'S AGENDA.
SO I'M LOOKING AROUND AND I'M
NOT SEEING ANY OF THAT.
SO WITHOUT OBJECTION THE AGENDA
IS APPROVED AS PRESENTED AND
NOW WE WILL MOVE ON TO PART D
OF THAT AGENDA PUBLIC COMMENT.
THIS IS AN OPPORTUNITY FOR
PERSONS TO SPEAK FOR UP TO
THREE MINUTES ABOUT AN ISSUE
THAT IS NOT LISTED AS A PUBLIC
HEARING ON THIS AGENDA TO
COMMENT ON SUCH OTHER
PRESERVATION MATTERS, PLEASE
CALL IN USING THE INFORMATION
DISPLAYED ON THE MEETING AGENDA
AND THE VIDEO FEED CITY STAFF
WILL SELECT CALLERS ONE BY ONE
USING THE LAST THREE DIGITS
OF YOUR PHONE NUMBER TWO
ELECTRONICALLY RAISE YOUR HAND
TO INDICATE YOUR DESIRE TO
SPEAK.
PLEASE PRESS STAR NINE ON YOUR
PHONE YOU WILL HEAR AN
AUTOMATED ANNOUNCEMENT THAT THE
HOST IS ALLOWING YOU TO SPEAK.
PLEASE STATE YOUR NAME AND
ADDRESS AT THE BEGINNING
OF YOUR COMMENTS AND ANYONE
HERE AS WELL.
IF YOU'RE HERE FOR PUBLIC
COMMENT AND THAT WOULD BE THE
TIME.
COURTNEY, ARE YOU RUNNING ZOOM
OR IS THERE NO KOLLER'S THANK
YOU.
OK, SO NOW WE'LL MOVE ON TO E
UNFINISHED BUSINESS.
THERE IS NO UNFINISHED BUSINESS
SO WE'LL MOVE RIGHT ALONG TO
APH WHICH IS THE HEARINGS AND
WE'LL START WITH THE STAFF
REPORT FOR OUR FIRST HEARING
WHICH IS F ONE SEVEN TEN S MAIN
STREET.
CHRIS, OVER TO YOU.
THANK YOU.
THIS ONE AND THREE QUARTER
STORY VERNACULAR HOUSE FEATURES
A DOUBLE GABAL FRONT WITH WIDE
BOARD TRIM IN CORNER EVIATAR
TURNS ON THE SMALLER GABLED A
FULL WIDTH FRONT PORCH WITH
HIPPED ROOF AND ROUND TAPERED
COLUMNS AND A SCULPTED BLOCK
FOUNDATION.
THE ONE OVER ONE WINDOWS IN THE
FRONT DOOR APPEAR TO BE
ORIGINAL.
THE HOUSE WAS FIRST OCCUPIED BY
MILES B JACOB A BARBER.
THE APPLICANT SEEKS HGC
APPROVAL TO CONSTRUCT A
BASEMENT EGRESS WINDOW AND WELL
ON THE NORTH SIDE ELEVATION
LOCATION.
THE HOUSE IS ON THE WEST SIDE
OF SOUTH MAIN STREET SOUTH
OF WEST MOSELEY AND NORTH
OF COOK TO SEE WHERE THE
PROPOSED WINDOW WILL BE BEHIND
THE PUMP OUT OF THE HOUSE THAT
SHOWING PICTURE
THIS HOUSE IS
NEXT TO A SINGLE STOREY BRICK
COMMERCIAL BUILDING THAT IS
CURRENTLY THE HOME OF SEVEN
ELEVEN AND A MARIJUANA
RETAILER.
THE HOUSE IS AROUND FOUR FEET
FROM THE WINDOWLESS
WALL
OF THIS BUILDING.
THERE ARE TWO BASEMENT WINDOWS
ON THE NORTH ELEVATION OF THE
MAIN BLOCK OF THE HOUSE, THE
EGRESS WINDOW AND WELL I
SUPPOSE ON THE ONE FURTHEST
FROM THE STREET THE WINDOW WELL
IS NOT DIMENSIONED BUT THE
OWNER IS FOUR FOOT BY THREE
FOOT SLIGHTLY WIDER THAN THE
REQUIRED THREE BY THREE CLEAR
AREA.
THE WELL IS BUILT ON PRESSURE
TREATED FOUR BY FOURS WITH A
PRE MANUFACTURED ESCAPE LADDER
AND HAS A DRAIN FOR THE OWNER.
THE NEW WINDOW IS TWENTY EIGHT
INCHES BY THIRTY SIX INCHES AND
MATCHES THE CURRENT WIDTH
OF THE WINDOW.
OPENING THE WINDOW WILL BE A
VINYL KASEMAN THE LOCATION IS
APPROPRIATE.
THIS IS THE LEAST CONSPICUOUS
WINDOW ON THE MAIN WINDOW
OF THE MAIN BASEMENT ROOM AND
INCONSPICUOUS SINCE THE WALL
OF THE COMMERCIAL BUILDING NEXT
DOOR IS SO CLOSE THE PROPOSED
MATERIALS ARE APPROPRIATE AS
ARE THE WINDOW WELL SIZES STAFF
RECOMMENDS APPROVAL OF THE
APPLICATION.
WE CAN GO THROUGH SOME FLOOR
PLAN SLIDES THE EXISTING
BASEMENT AND YOU CAN SEE TO THE
TO THE RIGHT ON THE SCREEN
THAT'S SHOWING WHERE THE
PROPOSED WINDOW WELL IS LOCATED
THE HISTORIC CHARACTER OF A
PROPERTY SHALL BE RETAINED AND
PRESERVED.
THE REMOVAL OF HISTORIC
MATERIALS OR ALTERATION
OF FEATURES AND SPACES.
THE CHARACTERIZING PROPERTY
SHALL BE AVOIDED AND THESE ARE
STANDARD OF INTERIOR SECRETARY
SECRETARY OF INTERIOR STANDARDS
,NEW ADDITIONS, EXTERIOR
ALTERATIONS OR RELATED NEW
CONSTRUCTION SHALL NOT DESTROY
HISTORIC MATERIALS THAT
CHARACTERIZE THE PROPERTY.
THE NEW WORK SHALL BE
DIFFERENTIATED FROM THE OLD AND
SHALL BE COMPATIBLE WITH THE
MACING SIZE SCALE AND
ARCHITECTURAL FEATURES TO
PROTECT THE HISTORIC INTEGRITY
OF THE PROPERTY AND ITS
ENVIRONMENT.
TEN NEW ADDITIONS AND ADJACENT
OR RELATED NEW CONSTRUCTION
WILL BE UNDERTAKE IN SUCH A
MANNER THAT IF REMOVED IN THE
FUTURE THE ESSENTIAL FORM AND
INTEGRITY OF THE HISTORIC
PROPERTY WILL BE UNIMPAIRED.
BUILDING SITE RECOMMENDED
DESIGN, NEW EXTERIOR ADDITIONS
TO HISTORIC BUILDINGS OR
ADJACENT NEW CONSTRUCTION WHICH
IS COMPATIBLE WITH THE HISTORIC
CHARACTER OF THE SITE WHICH
PRESERVE THE HISTORIC
RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN THE
BUILDING OR BUILDINGS LANDSCAPE
FEATURES AND OPEN SPACE NOT
RECOMMENDED INTRODUCING NEW
CONSTRUCTION INTO HISTORIC
DISTRICTS THAT IS VISUALLY
INCOMPATIBLE OR THAT DESTROYS
HISTORIC RELATIONSHIPS WITHIN
THE SITE RECOMMENDED DESIGNING
AND INSTALLING ADDITIONAL
WINDOWS ON RIR OR OTHER NON
CHARACTER DEFINING ELEVATIONS
IF REQUIRED BY THE NEW USE.
NEW WINDOW OPENINGS MAY ALSO BE
CUT INTO EXPOSED PARTY WALLS.
SUCH DESIGN SHOULD BE
COMPATIBLE WITH THE OVERALL
DESIGN OF THE BUILDING BUT NOT
DUPLICATE THE FENESTRATION
PATTERN AND DETAILING OF A
CHARACTER DEFINING ELEVATION
HEALTH AND SAFETY IDENTIFYING
THE HISTORIC BUILDINGS
CHARACTER DEFINING SPACES,
FEATURES AND FINISHES SO THAT
CODE REQUIRED WORK WILL NOT
RESULT IN THEIR DAMAGE OR LOSS
COMPLYING WITH HEALTH AND
SAFETY CODES INCLUDING SEISMIC
CODE REQUIREMENTS IN SUCH A
MANNER THAT CHARACTER FINDING
SPACES, FEATURES AND FINISHES
ARE PRESERVED THAT CONCLUDES MY
PRESENTATION.
I'M HAPPY TO TO REFER TO ANY
SLIDES IF YOU'D LIKE TO GO BACK
AND TAKE A LOOK.
THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
WE WILL NOW MOVE TO THE REPORT
FROM OUR REVIEW COMMITTEE.
WAS IT COMMISSIONER CALDERON
AND WHO ELSE?
COMMISSIONER FORD.
OK, PLEASE GIVE US YOUR REPORT
.
THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
I DON'T KNOW THAT THERE'S MUCH
TO ADD PRETTY STRAIGHTFORWARD
GIVEN THE CLOSENESS OF THE
7-ELEVEN.
WELL, IT'S REALLY NOT GOING TO
BE VISIBLE.
YEAH.
YEAH IT REALLY IS.
IT DOES IT'S WAS VERY SHORT OR
VERY SHORT.
IT WAS A VERY GOOD THANK YOU
BOTH.
WE WILL NOW MOVE ON TO HEAR THE
APPLICANT'S COMMENTS.
IS THE APPLICANT HERE I BELIEVE
THE APPLICANT IS ZOOMING IN.
IS THAT CORRECT?
SO PLEASE ON MUTE YOUR
MICROPHONE TURN ON YOUR VIDEO
IF POSSIBLE AND PLEASE PROVIDE
YOUR NAME AND ADDRESS FOR THE
RECORD YOU HAVE UP TO FIVE
MINUTES TO SPEAK BUT REALLY WE
JUST WANT TO HEAR IF YOU HAVE
ANYTHING TO ADD TO THE STAFF
REPORT OF THE REVIEW COMMITTEE
REPORT DO WE HAVE SOMEONE
JOINING US RIGHT.
HELLO WHO'S THIS?
HI, THIS IS THE APPLICANT.
CAN WE JUST ASK YOU STATE YOUR
NAME AND ADDRESS FOR THE RECORD
AND THEN LET US KNOW IF YOU
HAVE ANY FURTHER COMMENTS FROM
WHAT YOU HEARD SO FAR.
SURE.
FIRST THING LOOK NOW I THINK
YOU THE ADDRESS OF THE PROPERTY
THAT WE ARE APPLYING OR THE
APPLICATION IS FOR 710 SOUTH
MAIN STREET.
WOULD YOU LIKE OUR MY HOME
ADDRESS AS WELL?
OH, THAT'S FINE.
I THINK SO YES.
ACTUALLY WE ARE PLANNING TO
HAVE THE CURRENT WINDOW TO BE
SWITCHED TO AN EGLASH ONE AND
THE MAIN REASON JUST LIKE WE'RE
THINKING FUTURE WISE TO HAVE MY
PARENTS POSSIBLY MOVE WITH US
AND WE WOULD LIKE TO KNOW ABOUT
THAT'S POSSIBLE OR NOT.
THEY'RE KIND OF YOU KNOW, I'M
GETTING OLDER AND WOULD LIKE TO
KIND OF KEEP AN EYE ON THEM.
THEY KIND OF SPEND MORE TIME
WITH THE KIDS SO WE JUST WANT
TO CREATE A SPACE FOR THEM.
SO YES, BUT OTHER THAN THAT
EVERYTHING WAS WAS MENTIONED
COMPLETELY FINE WITH THAT.
THANK YOU, LOU.
NOT JUST HOLD ON ONE MOMENT.
I'M GOING TO SEE IF ANY OF THE
COMMISSIONERS HAVE ANY
QUESTIONS ON THE PROJECT.
OK, I JUST HAD A I THINK IT'S
GOING TO BE A QUICK QUESTION
BUT I WOULD JUST SAY ONE THING
ON THE APPLICATION THAT I HAD A
QUESTION ABOUT AND IT WAS IN
THE SECTION THAT YOU SHOWED AND
IT SHOWED THAT THERE IS A NEW
DRAIN TILE NEXT TO THE HOUSE
AND I JUST WANTED TO MAKE SURE
YOU'RE NOT PLANNING ON LIKE
DIGGING UP ALL AROUND THE HOME
TO PUT IN A NEW DRAIN TILE.
ARE YOU KNOW, JUST WHAT IT
REQUIRES FOR A WINDOW?
YEAH, OK.
ALL RIGHT.
THAT'S WHAT I THOUGHT.
I JUST WANTED TO MAKE HERE LOOK
VERY GOOD.
OK NOW BEAR WITH US HERE.
WE'RE GOING TO DO WORK THROUGH
SOME STUFF AND THEN WE MIGHT
HAVE SOME MORE QUESTIONS FOR
YOU.
OK OK SO NOW I'M GOING WHO WILL
HOLD A PUBLIC HEARING FOR THIS
ITEM I HAVE THIS IS AN
OPPORTUNITY FOR PEOPLE TO SPEAK
FOR UP TO THREE MINUTES ON THIS
APPLICATION AT SEVEN SOUTH MAIN
STREET.
SO PUBLIC COMMENT BE MADE IN
PERSON BY CALLING USING THE
INFORMATION DISPLAYED ON THE
MEETING AGENDA AND THE VIDEO
FEED.
DO WE HAVE ANYONE YOU WOULD HIT
STAR NINE ON YOUR PHONE RIGHT
NOW IF YOU WANTED TO SPEAK?
THERE ARE NO CALLERS.
THANK YOU VERY MUCH, COURTNEY.
SO THEN I WILL NOW CLOSE THE
PUBLIC HEARING FOR THIS PORTION
OF THE APPLICATION AND I WILL
ASK IF THERE'S A COMMISSIONER
WHO WOULD LIKE TO MAKE A MOTION
.
COMMISSIONER SMITH IS WHO I SAW
FIRST.
SO VERY GOOD.
THANK YOU.
I MOVE THAT THE COMMISSION
ISSUE A CERTIFICATE
OF APPROPRIATENESS FOR THE
APPLICATION AT 710 SOUTH MAIN
STREET CONTRIBUTING PROPERTY
THE OLD WEST SIDE HISTORIC
DISTRICT TO ENLARGE AN EXISTING
BASEMENT WINDOW AND INSTALL AN
EGRESS WINDOW AND WELL AS
PROPOSED WORK IS COMPATIBLE IN
EXTERIOR DESIGN ARRANGEMENT
MATERIALS RELATIONSHIP TO THE
HOUSE IN THE SURROUNDING AREA
AND MEETS THE SECRETARY
OF INTERIOR STANDARDS FOR
REHABILITATION GUIDELINES FOR
REHABILITATING HISTORIC
BUILDINGS IN PARTICULAR
STANDARDS TO NINE AND TEN AND
THE GUIDELINES FOR BUILDING
SITE WINDOWS AND HEALTH AND
SAFETY AS WELL AS THE ANN ARBOR
HISTORIC DISTRICT DESIGN
GUIDELINES.
OK, THAT IS MOVED BY
COMMISSIONER SMITH AND SECONDED
BY COMMISSIONER FORTNER.
AND I'M WONDERING IF WE HAVE
ANY DISCUSSION ON THE MOTION.
OK, I'M SEEING THAT THERE'S NO
DISCUSSION AND I'M GUESSING
THAT'S JUST BECAUSE THIS IS A
VERY STRAIGHTFORWARD AND AND
JUST REASONABLE AND ITEM HERE
IT MEETS THE STANDARDS AND SO
WITHOUT FURTHER ADO, LET'S GO
TO A VOTE.
ALL THOSE IN FAVOR OF THE
MOTION PLEASE SAY YES.
YES, YES.
ALL THOSE OPPOSED PLEASE SAY
NO.
SO THE MOTION CARRIES YOUR
APPLICATION HAS BEEN APPROVED.
PLEASE NOTE THAT YOU MUST APPLY
FOR ANY REQUIRED PERMITS FROM
THE CITY BEFORE BEGINNING YOUR
PROJECTS YOUR PROJECT.
THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
THANK YOU SO MUCH.
I APPRECIATE YOUR HELP.
TAKE CARE.
THANK YOU.
OK, VERY GOOD.
SO WE WILL NOW MOVE ON TO
HEARING EF TWO TWO ONE ONE
THIRD ST. CHRIS PLEASE.
MAY WE HAVE THE STAFF REPORT?
YES, THIS ONE AND A HALF STORY
FRONT GABLED DUTCH COLONIAL
REVIVAL HOME FIRST APPEARS IN
THE CITY DIRECTORIES IN 1912 IS
THE HOME OF ANDREW W. SCHEIBEL,
A BARTENDER AT THE ORIENT CAFE
AND HIS WIFE RICCARDI.
BY 1920 THE HOME IS OWNED BY
GLEN S. DAVENPORT, A DRIVER FOR
THE ANN ARBOR DAIRY COMPANY AND
BY NINETEEN TWENTY THREE THE
HOME IS OWNED BY AUGUST F.J.
APHA AND HIS WIFE PAULINE.
MR. SCHAEFER WAS EMPLOYED BY
THE ANN RENEWS IN 2010 THE HDC
APPROVED A REAR ADDITION TO THE
GARAGE.
THE APPLICANT SEEKS THE
APPROVAL TO CONSTRUCT A
BASEMENT EGRESSED DOOR AND WELL
ON THE SOUTH SIDE ELEVATION.
THE HOUSE IS ON THE EAST SIDE
OF THIRD STREET SOUTH OF WEST
WASHINGTON AND NORTH OF WEST
LIBERTY.
YOU CAN SEE IT FROM THIRD
STREET THE FRONT YOU CAN SEE
THIS IS TOWARDS THE REAR OF THE
HOUSE.
THIS IS WHERE THE PROPOSED
WINDOW I'M SORRY THE ACCESS TO
THE BASEMENT IS PROPOSED.
THE WINDOW IS GOING TO REMAIN.
THEY WILL HAVE STEPS GOING DOWN
TO IT LEADING TO A DOOR TO
ACCESS THE BASEMENT THERE YOU
CAN SEE FROM THIS PROPOSAL OUT
BLACK RECTANGLE THAT'S WHERE
THEY'RE GOING TO DEMOLISH THE
EXISTING CONCRETE THE HOUSE AS
IN INSTEAD OF ROUGHLY FOUR FEET
BETWEEN THE SE CORNER OF THE
ORIGINAL HOUSE AND IT'S ONE AND
A HALF STOREY REAR EDITION.
THIS INSET WHERE A NEW EGRESS
STAIRWELL IS PROPOSED IS BEHIND
THE FIRST FLOOR BUMP OUT ALONG
THE DRIVEWAY.
THE PROPOSED CONCRETE STAIRWELL
WOULD BE SLIGHTLY NARROWER,
NARROWER AT THREE FEET EIGHT
INCHES.
THE INSET THE STAIRWELL WOULD
LEAD TO A NEW DOOR OPENING FOR
BASEMENT ACCESS WITH A JELD-WEN
STEEL DOOR SHOWN WITH A HALF
WITH A HALF LIGHT AN EXISTING
BASEMENT WINDOW WOULD REMAIN.
A NEW AWNING OVER THE NEW DOOR
WOULD BE ATTACHED TO THE HOUSE
IN THE INSET CORNER IT IS MADE
OF METAL TUBING AND CANVAS.
A METAL GUARDRAIL RUNS ALONG
THE TOP OF THE RETAINING ALL
PARALLEL TO THE DRIVEWAY.
THIS IS THE ONLY PROPOSED WORK
IT MAY BE NORMALLY VISIBLE I'M
SORRY NOMINALLY VISIBLE FROM
THE STREET IN THE STAIRWELL THE
CONCRETE WALL WOULD BE
STUCCOED.
A NEW HANDRAIL WOULD BE METAL
AND A LIGHT FIXTURE NEAR THE
DOOR AND FLOOR DRAIN WOULD BE
INSTALLED.
THE APPLICANT TOOK THE TIME TO
PRESENT STAFF OF VARIOUS
LOCATION POSSIBILITIES FOR THIS
EGRESS STAIR WHICH STAFF
APPRECIATES THIS LOCATION IS
INCONSPICUOUS IN THE STREET AND
REPLACES PART OF THE EXISTING
CONCRETE DRIVEWAY.
THE RAILINGS, DOOR AND ON
AWNING ARE SIMPLE AND
APPROPRIATE.
STAFF RECOMMENDS APPROVAL
OF THIS APPLICATION AND HERE'S
THE EXISTING BASEMENT.
YOU CAN SEE THE DASHED OUTLINE
.
THIS IS THE AREA OF THE POST
STAIR AGAIN THIS LOOKS KIND
OF LIKE THE FRONT BUT I BELIEVE
THIS IS ACTUALLY THE REAR
LOOKING AT WHERE THE WHERE THE
ACCESS TO THE BASEMENT IS
OCCURRING AND YOU CAN ALSO SEE
THE NEW AWNING IN THE REAR
CORNER OF THE HOUSE AND THE
METAL GUARDRAIL IS AN EXISTING
SELF ELEVATION AND I BELIEVE
SINCE WE'VE ALREADY STATED
ITEMS NUMBER TO NINE AND TEN,
I'M GOING TO SKIP OVER THOSE AS
FAR AS THE SECRETARY
OF INTERIOR STANDARDS AND GET
RIGHT TO THE RECOMMENDATION
DESIGNING NEW EXTERIOR
ADDITIONS TO HISTORIC BUILDINGS
OR ADJACENT NEW CONSTRUCTION
WHICH IS COMPATIBLE WITH THE
HISTORIC CHARACTER OF THE SITE
IN WHICH PRESERVE A HISTORIC
RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN A BUILDING
OR BUILDINGS LANDSCAPED
FEATURES AN OPEN SPACE
RETAINING THE HISTORIC
RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN BUILDINGS
LANDSCAPE FEATURES AND OPEN
SPACE IDENTIFYING, RETAINING
AND PRESERVING BUILDINGS AND
THEIR FEATURES AS WELL AS
FEATURES OF THIS SITE THAT ARE
IMPORTANT AND DEFINING ITS
OVERALL HISTORIC CHARACTER
IDENTIFYING THE HISTORIC
BUILDINGS CHARACTER DEFINING
SPACES, FEATURES AND FINISHES
SO THAT CODE REQUIRED WORK WILL
NOT RESULT IN THEIR DAMAGE OR
LOSS COMPLYING WITH HEALTH AND
SAFETY CODES INCLUDING SEISMIC
CODE REQUIREMENTS IN SUCH A
MANNER THAT CHARACTER DEFINING
SPACES FEATURES AND FINISHES
ARE PRESERVED.
THAT CONCLUDES THE PRESENTATION
.
I'M HERE TO GO BACK ON ANY
SLIDES IF YOU'D LIKE TO REFER
TO.
THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
OK SO NOW WE WILL MOVE ON TO
THE REVIEW COMMITTEE REPORT AND
WE'VE COMMISSIONERS FORTNER AND
CALDERON SO PLEASE GIVE US YOUR
REPORT AGAIN STRAIGHTFORWARD
STAIRWELLS IS PRETTY SPOT IN
THE BACK OF THE HOUSE AGAIN NOT
BEING SEEN FROM FROM THE HOUSE
PRETTY GOOD.
THANK YOU.
ANYTHING TO ADD?
I MEAN THE DESIGN IS SO
MINIMAL.
YEAH, IT'S SIMPLE.
I DON'T I DON'T EVEN THINK
YOU'D BE ABLE TO SEE THAT
REALLY NOT EVEN THE RAILING.
OK, VERY GOOD.
WELL THANK YOU BOTH.
SO NOW WE'LL GO ON TO THE
APPLICANT COMMENTS THE
APPLICANT PLEASE APPROACH THE
PODIUM.
THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
PROVIDE YOUR NAME AND ADDRESS
FOR THE RECORD AND LET US KNOW
IF YOU'VE HAD ANYTHING TO ADD
TO WHAT YOU'VE HEARD SO FAR.
MY NAME IS JIM SCRIVENS.
I'M WITH GRUDER ASSOCIATES,
ARCHITECTS AND WE'RE AT FIVE
FIFTEEN FOR ST. ANN ARBOR.
WE MET WITH STAFF AND TRIED TO
COME UP WITH THE BEST SOLUTION.
WE LOOKED OPTIONS ON THE NORTH
SIDE OF THE HOUSE AND SOUTH
SIDE AND THIS WAS THE ONE THAT
WE ALL AGREED UPON.
THE REASON FOR DOING IS IS THAT
THE EXISTING BASEMENT STAIRS
HISTORIC STAIR AND IT'S A
FAIRLY NARROW STAIR SO THE
OWNER CAN'T NAVIGATE IT WITH
LARGE ITEMS ANYMORE DOWN TO THE
BASEMENT.
SO WE'RE PROVIDING A LEGAL
STAIR OUTSIDE THE BUILDING
RIGHT NOW THAT HE CAN USE.
WE'RE NOT IMPACTING ANY
HISTORIC MATERIAL.
THE EXISTING BASEMENT HAS BEEN
REPLACED.
IT WAS REPLACED ABOUT TEN TO
FIFTEEN YEARS AGO.
SO THE ONLY MATERIAL THAT WOULD
BE IMPACTED WAS HIS NEW
MATERIAL.
SO IT WOULD BE EASILY REMOVED
IN THE FUTURE NEEDED.
BUT THAT'S ALL I HAVE TO SAY AT
THIS POINT.
THERE'S QUESTIONS I'M
AVAILABLE.
VERY GOOD.
THANK YOU, JIM.
SO SO SO NOW I WILL ASK IF THE
COMMISSIONERS HAVE ANY
QUESTIONS FOR THE APPLICANT.
I'M SAYING THERE WON'T BE ANY
SO IT'S FINE THAT YOU SAT DOWN.
I ALSO DON'T HAVE ANY QUESTIONS
SO THANK YOU.
OK NOW WE WILL MOVE ON TO THE
PUBLIC HEARING AND I WILL NOW
OPEN THE PUBLIC HEARING FOR
THIS ITEM.
THIS IS AN OPPORTUNITY FOR
PERSONS TO SPEAK FOR UP TO
THREE MINUTES ABOUT THIS
APPLICATION AT TWO ONE ONE
THIRD ST. PUBLIC COMMENT MAY BE
MADE IN PERSON OR BY CALLING
USING THE INFORMATION DISPLAYED
ON THE MEETING AGENDA AND THE
VIDEO FEED PLEASE HIT STAR NINE
ON YOUR PHONE NOW IF YOU'D LIKE
TO SPEAK OR APPROACH THE
PODIUM, THERE ARE NO CALLERS.
THANK YOU FOR THAT.
I WOULD NOW ASK IF THERE'S A
COMMISSIONER WHO WOULD LIKE TO
MAKE A MOTION ON THE
APPLICATION.
COMMISSIONER, PLEASE.
I MOVE THAT THE COMMISSION
ISSUE A CERTIFICATE
OF APPROPRIATENESS FOR THE
APPLICATION AT 211 3RD STREET,
A CONTRIBUTING PROPERTY IN THE
OLD WEST SIDE HISTORIC DISTRICT
TO CONSTRUCT A BASEMENT EGRESS
WELL DOOR AND AWNING ON THE
SOUTH SIDE ELEVATION AS
PROPOSED THE WORK IS COMPATIBLE
AND EXTERIOR DESIGN ARRANGEMENT
MATERIALS IN RELATIONSHIP TO
THE HOUSE AND THE SURROUNDING
AREA AND MEETS THE SECRETARY
OF THE INTERIOR STANDARDS FOR
REHABILITATION AND GUIDELINES
FOR REHABILITATING HISTORIC
BUILDINGS IN PARTICULAR
STANDARDS TO NINE AND TEN AND
THE GUIDELINES FOR BUILDING
SITE WINDOWS AND HEALTH AND
SAFETY AS WELL AS ANN ARBOR
HISTORIC DISTRICT DESIGN
GUIDELINES.
SO OK THAT WAS MOVED BY
COMMISSIONER QUIJANO AND
SECONDED BY COMMISSIONER
CALDERON.
DO WE HAVE ANY DISCUSSION ON
THE MOTION?
OK, VERY GOOD.
I THINK THAT AGAIN NO
DISCUSSION BECAUSE THIS IS A
VERY SIMPLE PROJECT.
IT'S GOT THE THE COMBINATION
OF REMOVING NO HISTORIC
MATERIALS FROM THE PROPERTY AND
ALSO BEING BASICALLY INVISIBLE
FROM THE SIDEWALK.
SO THAT IS A COMBINATION THAT
THAT WILL MEET THE STANDARDS.
AND SO LET'S LET'S GO TO A VOTE
THEN ALL THOSE IN FAVOR OF THIS
MOTION SAY YES.
YES, ALL THOSE OPPOSED PLEASE
SAY NO.
THE MOTION CARRIES YOUR
APPLICATION HAS BEEN APPROVED.
PLEASE NOTE YOU MUST APPLY FOR
THE REQUIRED PERMITS.
THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
OK THEN WE WILL NOW MOVE ON TO
HEARING F THREE TWO ONE FIVE S
MAIN STREET.
CHRIS, OVER TO YOU.
THANK YOU.
THE TWO BIG BRICK BUILDING WITH
A CENTER STARE TO 15 TO 17 S
MAIN STREET WAS CONSTRUCTED
EIGHTEEN SIXTY SIX IT IS
COMMERCIAL ITALIANATE IN STYLE
WITH THESE WITH THREE FLOORS
ARCHTOP WINDOWS.
THESE WINDOWS ARE CURRENTLY
REMOVED ROUND AND SEGMENTED
ARCHES AND STONE TRIM.
THE BUILDING'S CORNICE IS
MISSING THE ORIGINAL OCCUPANT
OF 215 WAS RICHARDS AND FORBES
MILLENARY.
SEVENTEEN WAS OCCUPIED BY
CHARLES SPANIEL DRY GOODS.
A WORKING SESSION WAS HELD IN
TWENTY NINETEEN TO DISCUSS THE
ADDITION OF THREE STORIES ON
TOP OF THIS THREE STORY
BUILDING AT A JULY 13TH TWENTY
TWENTY THREE D.C. MEETING THE
PORTION OF AN APPLICATION FOR A
TWO STOREY ROOFTOP ADDITION WAS
DENIED THE PORTION OF THAT
APPLICATION TO REPLACE THE
SECOND AND THIRD FLOOR WINDOWS
WITH REPLICA WINDOWS AND TO
REPLACE THE STOREFRONTS WAS
APPROVED THAT APPROVED WORK AS
SHOWN IN THIS APPLICATION AND
DOES NOT NEED TO BE CONSIDERED
AGAIN AT THE OCTOBER 12TH.
TWENTY TWENTY THREE D.C.
MEETING A REVISED PLAN FOR A
ROOFTOP AND READMISSION WAS
DENIED.
THE SITE IS LOCATED AT THE EAST
SIDE OF SOUTH MAIN STREET
BETWEEN EAST WASHINGTON AND
EAST LIBERTY STREETS.
THE APPLICANT SEEKS HGC
APPROVAL TO CONSTRUCT TWO
ADDITIONAL FLOORS ON TOP OF THE
BUILDING AND A FIVE STORY REAR
EDITION THE NEW WALLS WOULD BE
BURNISHED BLOCK WITH PELLA.
WINDOWS WOULD BE ONE OVER.
ONE CLOUD WOULD HELP PATIO
DOORS AND CLAD WOOD AND THE NEW
REAR DOUBLE DOOR IS PART OF AN
ALUMINUM STOREFRONT SYSTEM FROM
TWO BLAKE PICTURES.
THIS IS THE VIEW THE MAIN
STREET.
THIS IS THE REAR FROM THE ALLEY
CLOSE UP AGAIN LOOKING FROM THE
ALLEY OR TOWARDS THE MAIN
BUILDING AND RUN TO THE FLOOR
PLANS
.
THIS APPLICATION NOW ADDRESSES
ALL THE REQUIREMENTS LISTED IN
THE PRESENTATION FOR THIS
PROJECT'S PREVIOUS ITERATION ON
OCTOBER TWENTY TWENTY THREE THE
APPLICATION PROPOSED A TWO
STORY STEP BACK ADDITION ON THE
ROOF AND A FIVE STORY ADDITION
ON THE REAR ELEVATION.
THE ROOFTOP ADDITION SHOWS A
NINETEEN FOOT SETBACK IN THE
FRONT OF THE BUILDING TO THE
NEW FOURTH FLOOR AND AN
ADDITIONAL NINETEEN FOOT SET
BACK TO THE FIFTH FLOOR.
THESE NEW FLOORS WOULD BE SET
INSIDE THE EXISTING BRICK
PARAPET DASH FIVE POINT ONE
FOUR ON THE BACK THE THREE
STOREY REAR CORNER NORTHIE
OF THE HISTORIC BUILDING WOULD
REMAIN WITH AN INSET
OF THREE
FEET EIGHT INCHES TO THE
ADDITION.
THIS INSET IS MAINTAINED TO THE
TOP OF THE NEW FLOORS A NEW
FIVE STOREY EDITION BEHIND THE
BUILDING IS A RECTANGULAR BOX
THAT STRADDLES THE EXISTING
REAR ONE AND A HALF STOREY WING
AND IS SET BEHIND ITS ALLEY
FACING FACI ALL OF THE OPENINGS
ON THE ALLEY FACADE OF THE ONE
AND A HALF STOREY WOULD BE IN
FILLED WITH SALVAGED BRICK WITH
A TWO INCH INSET.
THE ADDITION IS WHITE BURNISHED
BLACK WITH SOME BLACK BURNISHED
BLACK TRIM NEAR THE FRONT
PATIOS THERE ARE TWO TRIM
BRANDS ABOVE AND BELOW A TOP
COURSE OF THE NEW WINDOWS
OF SINGLE SQUARE WHITE CMU.
THE BUILDING INCREASES IN
HEIGHT FROM THIRTY FIVE FEET TO
70 FEET FOUR INCHES TO THE TOP
OF THE ALUMINUM SCREEN FOR A
PREVIOUS APPLICATION.
THE FRONT FACADE WOULD RECEIVE
NEW REPRODUCTION WINDOWS TO FIT
THE EXISTING OPENINGS AND TWO
NEW STOREFRONT SYSTEMS WOULD BE
INSTALLED THE NEW WINDOWS AND
THE FRONT FACING FOURTH AND
FIFTH FLOORS AND THE NEW REAR
EDITION ARE ONE OVER ONE CLAD
WINDOWS.
THE SEE THE DETAIL AND THE PLAN
SET SHOWS AN APPROPRIATE
INSTALLATION INSET TWO INCHES
FROM THE FACE OF THE BUILDING
UNLICENCED LIMESTONE SILLS.
THE WINDOWS ARE APPROPRIATELY
SIZED, STYLED AND PLACED TO
HELP THE NEW WORK LOOK
COMPATIBLE WITH THE HISTORIC
BUILDING.
NEW DOORS ARE ALUMINUM TUBE
LIGHT STORE FRONT SYSTEMS ON
THE REAR AND CLAD SLIDERS ON
THE FRONT REGARDING ROOFTOP
ADDITIONS PRESERVATION BRIEF 14
GOES ON TO SAY ON PAGE TWELVE
QUOTE GENERALLY A ROOFTOP
EDITION SHOULD NOT BE MORE THAN
ONE STORY IN HEIGHT TO MINIMIZE
ITS VISIBILITY AND ITS IMPACT
ON THE PORTION AND PROFILE
OF THE HISTORIC BUILDING AND
ROOFTOP EDITION SHOULD ALMOST
ALWAYS BE SET BACK AT LEAST ONE
FULL DAY FROM THE PRIMARY
ELEVATION THE BUILDING AS WELL
AS FROM THE OTHER ELEVATIONS IF
THE BUILDING IS FREESTANDING OR
HIGHLY VISIBLE, END QUOTE.
LATER ON PAGE TWELVE
CONSTRUCTING ANOTHER FLOOR ON
TOP OF A SMALL ONE, TWO OR
THREE STOREY BUILDING IS SELDOM
APPROPRIATE FOR BUILDINGS
OF THIS SIZE IS IT WOULD
MEASURABLY ALTER THE BUILDING'S
PROPORTIONS AND PROFILE AND
NEGATIVELY IMPACT ITS HISTORIC
CHARACTER AND CLOSE THE
PROPOSED ROOFTOP ADDITIONS THAT
THE FRONT WALLS IN NINETEEN
FEET FOR EACH LEVEL THE WIDTH
OF ONE WILL BE OF THE PRIMARY
ELEVATION OF THE BUILDING FROM
THE RENDERINGS PERSPECTIVE
SUPPLIED THE VIEW OF THE
ADDITION FROM SOUTH MAIN STREET
AND THE TWO CLOSEST
INTERSECTIONS WILL BE MINIMAL.
THIS MEANS THE BUILDING
MAINTAINS ITALIANATE COMMERCIAL
CHARACTER AT THE ORIGINAL THIRD
STOREY STAFF BELIEVES THIS
APPLICATION MEETS THE STANDARDS
AND GUIDELINES USED BY HISTORIC
DISTRICT COMMISSION SO WE CAN
GO ON FOR SOME FLOOR PLAN
BASEMENT FLOOR PLAN.
IT'S GOING TO BE BUILT ON A
SLAB AND SHOT JUST TO THE RIGHT
SHOWING THE FIRST FLOOR FLOOR
PLAN B C KIND OF INFILL BACK
TOWARDS THE ALLEY SECOND FLOOR
PLAN.
IT'S GOT THE INFILL AND YOU'VE
GOT THE THIRD FLOOR PLAN.
I THINK IT'S CRITICAL TO SHOW
THAT WAS MENTIONED IN THE
REPORT.
IT IS SET BACK 19 FEET ON THE
FOURTH FLOOR AND THAT IT'S
GOING TO STEP BACK ANOTHER 19
FEET ON THE FIFTH FLOOR AND
HERE'S THE ROOFTOP AGAIN
LOOKING THIS IS THE WEST
ELEVATION.
SO WE GET THE FRONT HERE IS THE
EAST ELEVATION.
WE CAN GET IT FROM THE REAR
FROM THE ALLEY.
CAN YOU START LOOKING AT THE
NORTH ELEVATION SOUTH ELEVATION
WHAT IT WOULD LOOK LIKE AND
AGAIN THIS IS THE MAIN STREET
PERSPECTIVE, THE ALLEY
PERSPECTIVE AGAIN STEPPING BACK
IN 18 FEET WE CAN SEE THE AREAS
AGAIN.
THIS IS A PERSPECTIVE FROM MAIN
STREET AND HERE ACROSS THE
STREET LOOKING AT IT, SEEING
HOW FAR BACK THE TWO EDITIONS
THE FOURTH FIFTH FLOOR IT'S NOT
TOO VISIBLE AGAIN YOU FROM
ACROSS MAIN STREET AGAIN
LOOKING AT IT DIAGONALLY WHICH
YOU SEE IN THE FOREGROUND IS
KIND OF STEP BACK AGAIN, STEP
BACK FROM WASHINGTON AND I
BELIEVE I WILL BE THIS ONE
HASN'T BEEN DISCUSSED YET.
A PROPERTY WAS USED BECAUSE IT
WAS HISTORICALLY OR BE GIVEN A
NEW USE THAT REQUIRES MINIMAL
CHANGE TO ITS DISTINCTIVE
MATERIALS, FEATURES SPACES AND
SPATIAL RELATIONSHIP NUMBER TWO
HAS BEEN PREVIOUSLY RIGHT IN
THE STAFF MEETING NUMBER FIVE
IS NOT SO DISTINCTIVE MATERIALS
FEATURES FINISHES IN
CONSTRUCTION TECHNIQUES OR
EXAMPLES OF CRAFTSMANSHIP THAT
CHARACTERIZES A PROPERTY WILL
BE PRESERVED 360 DETERIORATED
HISTORIC FEATURES WILL BE
REPAIRED RATHER THAN REPLACED
WHERE THE SEVERITY
OF DETERIORATION REQUIRES
REPLACEMENT OF A DISTINCTIVE
FEATURE, THE NEW FEATURE WILL
MATCH THE OLD AND DESIGN COLOR
TEXTURE AND WHERE POSSIBLE
MATERIALS REPLACEMENT
OF MISSING FEATURES WILL BE
SUBSTANTIATED BY DOCUMENTARY
AND PHYSICAL EVIDENCE.
I BELIEVE NINE HAS BEEN
PREVIOUSLY RED AT OUR MEETING
AND SO IS NUMBER TEN.
IT'S ALL ALTERATIONS ADDITIONS
FOR THE NEW USE DESIGNING
ADDITIONS TO ROOFS SUCH AS
RESIDENTIAL OFFICE FOR STORAGE
SPACES, ELEVATOR DECKS,
ANTIRACIST OR DORMERS OR
SKYLIGHTS WHEN REQUIRED BY THE
NEW USE SO THAT THEY ARE
INCONSPICUOUS FROM THE PUBLIC
RIGHT OF WAY AND DO NOT DAMAGE
OR OBSCURE CHARACTER DEFINING
FEATURES CONSIDERING THE
ATTACHED EXTERIOR ADDITIONS
BOTH IN TERMS OF THE NEW USE
AND THE APPEARANCE OF OTHER
BUILDINGS IN THE HISTORIC
DISTRICT OR NEIGHBORHOOD,
DESIGN FOR THE NEW WORK MAY BE
CONTEMPORARY OR MAY REFERENCE
DESIGN MOTIFS FROM THE HISTORIC
BUILDING IN EITHER CASE IT
SHOULD ALWAYS BE CLEARLY
DIFFERENTIATED FROM THE
HISTORIC BUILDING AND BE
COMPATIBLE IN TERMS OF MASS
MATERIALS RELATIONSHIP
OF SOLIDS TO VOIDS AND COLORS
DESIGNING ADDITIONAL STORIES
WHEN REQUIRED FOR THE NEW USE
THAT ARE SET BACK FROM THE WALL
PLANE AND ARE AS INCONSPICUOUS
AS POSSIBLE WHEN VIEWED FROM
THE STREET NOT RECOMMENDED
DESIGNING A NEW EDITION SO THAT
ITS SIZE AND SCALE IN RELATION
TO THE HISTORIC BUILDING ARE
OUT OF PROPORTION, THUS
DIMINISHING THE HISTORIC
CHARACTER INTRODUCING NEW
CONSTRUCTION ONTO THE BUILDING
SITE WHICH IS VISUALLY
INCOMPATIBLE IN TERMS OF SIZE
SCALE DESIGN MATERIALS, COLOR
AND TEXTURE OR WHICH DESTROYS
HISTORIC RELATIONSHIPS ON A
SITE MESENTERY, IDENTIFY,
RETAIN, PRESERVE NOT
RECOMMENDED REMOVING A
RADICALLY CHANGING MASONRY
FEATURES WHICH ARE IMPORTANT IN
DEFINING THE OVERALL HISTORIC
CHARACTER OF THE BUILDING SO
THAT AS A RESULT THE CHARACTER
IS DIMINISHED REPLACING OR
BUILDING A MAJOR PORTION
OF EXTERIOR MASONRY WALLS THAT
COULD BE REPAIRED SO THAT AS A
RESULT THE BUILDING IS NO
LONGER HISTORIC AND IS
ESSENTIALLY NEW CONSTRUCTION
ADDITIONS TO HISTORIC
COMMERCIAL STRUCTURES
APPROPRIATE PLACING ADDITIONS
SUCH AS BALCONIES A NON
CHARACTER DEFINING ELEVATIONS
AND LIMITING THE NUMBER, SIZE
AND SCALE IN RELATION
RELATIONSHIP TO THE HISTORIC
BUILDING ONE REQUIRED DESIGNING
ADDITIONAL STORIES THAT ARE SET
BACK FROM THE FRONT SIDE PLANES
AND ARE AS INCONSPICUOUS AS
POSSIBLE WHEN VIEWED FROM ST.
NEW CONSTRUCTION HISTORIC
COMMERCIAL SETTINGS BUILDING
MARSING SHOULD FIT WITH
EXISTING HISTORIC PATTERNS.
BUILDINGS SHOULD NOT BE
ENHANCED IN SCALE OR GREATLY
CONTRAST WITH THE EXISTING
SCALE OF THE BLOCK OR IN THE
SURROUNDING HISTORIC DISTRICT
AND THAT DOES CONCLUDE THIS
PRESENTATION.
I CAN REFER TO ANY SLIDES IF
YOU'D LIKE TO GO BACK AND
STATUE FOR ANY QUESTIONS YOU
MAY HAVE.
THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
SO WE WILL NOW MOVE ON TO THE
REVIEW IN THE REPORT WE HAVE
COMMISSIONERS FORTNER AND CO SO
LET'S HEAR THE REPORT.
I DID GO GET IS IN THE SAME
CONDITION IT WAS THE LAST TWO.
YEAH, VERY GOOD.
OK, UM SO NOW THEN WE WILL ASK
THE APPLICANT PLEASE APPROACH
THE PODIUM PLEASE PROVIDE YOUR
NAME AND ADDRESS WITH THE
RECORD.
YOU HAVE UP TO FIVE MINUTES TO
SPEAK AND JUST LET US KNOW IF
YOU HAVE ANYTHING TO ADD TO THE
STAFF REPORT OR THE REVIEW
COMMITTEE REPORT PLEASE
.
MY NAME IS SANCTIFY KBG
CONSTRUCTION.
YOU BROUGHT A SAMPLE OF THAT
WHITE VARNISH BLOCK FOR YOU
GUYS?
YEAH THAT'S GREAT WHEN WE
STARTED WITH YEAH YEAH THANKS
IT IT'S WE CUT THE FACE OF HOLE
THAT'S JUST THE FACE
.
YEAH.
THE ADVANTAGE OF THE SHIELD IS
ACTUALLY IT'S MORE WATERPROOF
IT'S A SOLID FACE OFF WHICH
THERE'S MORE CHANCE OF WATER
GETTING INTO THE BUILDINGS
.
YEAH ANTICOMMUNISTS CRISP
FIGURES BIG ARCHITECTURE FOR
MICHIGAN I'M JUST WITHOUT
BISSEL BUT IS FOR A FEW MONTHS
AND WE KNOW THE BUILDING
SEVERAL ITERATIONS AND WE I
MEAN WE CAN SAY IS GOING TO ANY
QUESTIONS YOU GOT TO HOPE THAT
WE ARE IN THE LINE.
THANK YOU CHRIS.
SO SO NOW I WILL ASK IF ANYONE
HAS ANY QUESTIONS FOR THE
APPLICANT.
I DO, YEAH.
SO WHAT WHAT'S THE SQUARE
FOOTAGE OF THE ADDITION TO THE
TWO STOREY AND TOP THE HOLE
THAT THE WHOLE THING WAS BEING
FIFTY EIGHT HUNDRED FIFTY EIGHT
OF THE NEW FLOORS FOR THE WHOLE
FORCE OF THE FOURTH AND FIFTH
FLOOR.
SO THERE'S THE FIVE STORY
PORTION AND THEN THE TWO STORY
PORTIONS OF COURSE ABOUT 4000
FOUR THOUSAND THREE HUNDRED
SQUARE FEET GROSS OF FOUR OR
SORRY FIFTY THREE THOUSAND FIVE
HUNDRED TWENTY FOUR SUPERFISH
FORCES FOUR THOUSAND THREE
HUNDRED.
SO WHAT'S THE SQUARE FOOTAGE
OF THE FIVE STORY IN ADDITION
THE FIVE STORY THE WHOLE THING
THE WHOLE BUILDING IN IN ITS
ENTIRETY?
YEAH, THE WHOLE DAY.
TWENTY ONE THEY'RE NINETEEN
THIRTY NINETEEN THOUSAND SEVEN
HUNDRED SQUARE FEET.
THAT INCLUDES THE WHOLE
VERTICAL RECORDING BASEMENT.
I GUESS I'M NOT GETTING ME.
SO THERE'S THE ADDITION TO THE
BUILDING.
THERE'S A FIVE STORY REAR
ADDITION RIGHT ONLY 14 FEET AND
THEN THE TWO STORIES ON TOP
LIKE THAT ALL FOLLOW THE
NEWS CONSTRUCTION THE SQUARE
SEVEN THOUSAND EIGHT HUNDRED
THIRTY TWO SQUARE FEET.
OK, OK
.
I'M JUST WONDERING WHERE YOU'RE
GOING WITH THIS LINE
OF QUESTIONING.
I STILL THINK IT'S TOO BIG.
IT'S OK.
I JUST WANTED TO KNOW HOW BIG
IT WAS AND IT WAS FEELING TOO
BIG OK NOTED STILL NOT
NECESSARY.
I DON'T THINK I GOT MY
CLEARANCE.
NO I THINK WHAT YOU GOT WAS A
FOURTH FLOOR AND THE FIFTH
FLOOR THAT ENTIRE THING AND SO
THAT'S SOME THAT IS A RARE
ADDITION ALSO.
YEAH BECAUSE THE FOURTH AND
THEN SO WHAT YOU NEED WOULD
NEED IS ONE, TWO AND THREE JUST
THE ADDITION PART.
YEAH YEAH BUT I DON'T KNOW IF
THAT'S MIGHT NOT BE BROKEN.
I DON'T KNOW IF I HAVE YEAH
SOUNDS LIKE YEAH.
EXISTING VERSUS THANK YOU BUT
IF IT'S IMPORTANT WE COULD YOU
KNOW TRY TO GET TO IT BUT YEAH
JUST OK ALL YOU HAVE ANYTHING
ELSE IS SHOULD WE GO MOVE ON TO
ANOTHER COMMISSIONER OR ANY
OTHER COMMISSIONERS AND
QUESTIONS I'M GUESSING THERE
WILL BE NO NOT RIGHT NOW OK I I
HAD A FEW I'LL GO TO ONE
OF MINE CAN YOU GO TO THE FLOOR
PLANS PLEASE CHRIS I JUST SAID
I WAS WANTING TO MAKE SURE
SOMETHING UNUSUAL WASN'T GOING
ON IN FLOORS.
I THINK IT'S ONE, TWO AND THREE
IT MIGHT JUST BE A HATCH
DRAWING ISSUE SO LET'S C C YET
AND THE THE FIRST FLOOR PLAN
HERE AND THEN GO TO SECOND AND
THIRD ALSO PLEASE CHRIS THERE'S
A THERE'S A HORIZONTAL LINE ON
THE SCREEN BY THE FACADE IT'S
LIKE IT LOOKS LIKE THE FLOOR
DOESN'T GO ALL THE WAY WEST TO
THE FRONT FACADE.
IT IS IT JUST THE HATCH IS
WEIRD OR IS THERE SOMETHING
GOING ON INSIDE OF YOU?
IT'S JUST SORRY FOR FOUR OR ALL
THOSE FLOORS ARE THE LYING
OF THE 19 FOOT OFFSET ON THE
BACKS OF THE OTHERS IS THE
HATCH YOU'RE TALKING ABOUT
FIRST FLOOR PLAN FIRST, SECOND
AND THIRD?
YEAH, IT DOES LOOK LIKE IT'S
MAYBE AT THAT 19 FEET.
YEAH, WE GOT THINGS HAPPENING
THERE.
FIFTEEN FEET ON THE SAME FLOOR
IT'S A SUITE SO THAT'S THAT'S
THE NINETEEN FOOT LINE.
OK CROSS OK ALL RIGHT THAT'S
WHAT I THOUGHT.
I JUST WANTED TO MAKE SURE
THERE WASN'T I DON'T KNOW IF
SOMETHING ELSE GOING ON.
NO IT'S JUST ALL IT'S ALL GOING
TO BE PART OF THE UNIT.
YEAH THEY'RE JUST TRYING TO
DELINEATE THE 19 FOOT PART.
OK VERY GOOD.
OK I'LL ASK ANOTHER ONE ON THE
VERY VERY TOP OF THE BUILDING
IT STEPS BACK A COUPLE OF TIMES
AND THEN THE FINAL STEP BACK IS
LIKE A FOUR FOOT HIGH I THINK
THE SCREEN FOR THE ER HANDLING
AND STUFF LIKE THAT IT LOOKS
LIKE THE NORTH AND SOUTH SIDES
ARE THE BLOCK BUT THEN THE
FRONT IS LIKE AN ALUMINUM
SCREEN OR SOMETHING DIFFERENT
THAN THE BLOCK SO I'M NOT
EXACTLY SURE WHAT THE FRONT THE
W FACING PART OF THAT KIND
OF FOUR FOOT ER HANDLING SO
THAT WOULD BE LIKE A HORIZONTAL
ALUMINUM SCREEN THERE AND THEN
ON THE SIDES WE'LL HAVE A
LITTLE PEER TO PEER WHICH WILL
BE FIREWALL'S RIGHT OK IT'LL BE
JUST A HORIZONTAL METAL SIDING
IT LOOKS IT LOOKS LIKE SIDING
BUT MADE OF ALUMINUM SIDING BUT
I'M PICTURING A CLABBERED
SIDING BUT LET'S NOT BE OH
IT'LL JUST BE JUST JUST LIKE
INGRAINING TO WHEN YOU LOOK AT
THE FRONT ELEVATION WE DON'T
WANT TO SEE THE ROOF TOP UNITS
ON THE FRONT ELEVATION.
YOU'RE I MEAN YOU'RE GOING TO
BE ACROSS THE BUILDING.
YOU'D SEE IT BUT WHEN YOU'RE
FROM THE GROUND NEVER EVER.
RIGHT.
SO IT'S JUST IT'S A BLACK
ALUMINUM SHEET.
YES, RIGHT.
IS IT IS BASICALLY HORIZONTAL
HORIZONTAL LIKE A SIDING OK
WITH LINES IT'S JUST GOING TO
LOOK LIKE BLACK.
YEAH.
SO REALLY HIGH UP THERE.
OK THAT'S GOOD.
IT'S JUST SO YOU'RE AT THE
FRONT ELEVATION YOU DON'T HAVE
TO SEE UNITS THAT'S GOOD.
YEAH THAT'S THAT SOUNDS FAIR.
OK THERE'S A SO ENTERING FROM
THE ALLEY I'M SORT OF HOPPING
AROUND HERE BUT ENTERING FROM
THE ALLEY THERE'S THERE'S THE
FIRST SPACE YOU GET INTO IS A
SPACE WHERE THERE'S BIKE RACKS.
DO YOU GO IN THROUGH A DOOR TO
GET THE BIKE RACK SPACE OR IS
IT JUST OPEN TO THE ALLEY SO
YOU'LL GO IN TO A LITTLE IT'S A
LITTLE IN THE THERE'S A LITTLE
INDENT.
YEAH, RIGHT.
AND THEN YOU CAN GO STRAIGHT TO
THE TENANT SPACE THROUGH YOUR
LEFT INTO WHERE THE WHEN YOU GO
THAT ACTUALLY GOES THROUGH AND
OR IN THERE.
OK SO YOU WOULD JUST BIKE RIDE
IN TO THAT OPEN SPACE.
YES.
AND THEN ON YOUR RIGHT THERE
YOU WILL YOU SEE THE HISTORIC
BRICK WALL.
YES THE WALL YEAH.
IS STILL DIVIDING THE
RESIDENTIAL RIGHT IN THE
COMMERCIAL SIDE OK THAT'S WHAT
I WAS THINKING AND THAT'S I
DON'T KNOW THAT SEEMS REALLY
KIND OF INTERESTING AND SO I
WAS I WAS ASKING IF YOU CAN
KIND OF USE THAT TO SORT
OF DELINEATE THE PRESIDENTIAL
AND THE THING AND THEN IF WE
ARE TO AVOID CRACKS IN THE OLD
HISTORIC WALL.
OK, SO LET'S TALK WALL.
ALL RIGHT.
THE BATMOBILE WILL BE ON THE
ROOFTOP EDITION.
TALK ABOUT WHAT WE DO WITH THE
OLD ARE YOU ARE THEY GOING TO
BE SWINGING DOORS ON THE FOR
THE PATIOS ON THE THE ROOFTOP
EDITION OR ARE THEY GOING TO DO
SLIDERS JUST LIKE WHAT'S IN THE
PACKAGE?
OK, I WASN'T TOTALLY SURE BUT
THAT'S THAT'S GOOD BECAUSE
THAT'S WHAT YOU SPECIFIED LATER
ON IN THE PACKAGE BUT NO ABOUT
THE BALCONY.
WHAT'S THAT.
NO BALCONIES.
YEAH THIS ONE PATIOS AND PATIO
.
YEAH NOTHING ALREADY.
OK FOURTH AND FIFTH THERE COULD
BE THE FRONT UNITS OR ONE UNIT.
YES ONE RESIDENTIAL SO THE
DOORS ONE PRESIDENTIAL UNIT
GOES TO PATIO YOU KNOW EVEN ON
THE FOURTH FLOOR IT LOOKED LIKE
THE FOURTH WAS SPLIT BUT WE
HAVEN'T SPLIT BUT WE'VE BEEN
TALKING ABOUT WE PROBABLY COULD
JUST ONE UNIT OK OK WE'RE GOING
TO SORT OUT OK AND THEN THE
LAST QUESTION IS KIND OF TWO
QUESTIONS BUT IT'S THE LAST
KIND OF SHEETS OF THE PACKAGE.
YOU HAVE ONE ABOUT MATERIALS
AND THEN THERE ARE A FEW SHEETS
ABOUT SOME CHEMICAL PRODUCTS OR
SOMETHING AND IT WASN'T
ENTIRELY CLEAR IT'S PROBABLY IN
THE PACKAGE BUT I COULDN'T KIND
OF FIGURE OUT WHAT TO USE OR
THE SUPPLYING THE SOUTH SIDE
OF THE EXISTING BUILDING WHICH
JUST SPRAYED WITH POLYURETHANE
ROOFING MEMBRANE FOR
WATERPROOFING PURPOSES BACK IN
THE DAY WE DON'T KNOW WHEN IT
WAS SOME LEAKAGE INSIDE THE
BUILDING AND PRIOR ORDER
SOMEBODY HIRED SOMEBODY TO
SPRAY CHEMICAL ON TO PROTECT.
IT'S VERY THICK.
IT'S THE SAME MATERIAL THAT
THEY APPLY ON THE ROOF ACTUALLY
.
SO I DON'T KNOW I DON'T KNOW
THE THICKNESS COULD BE TWO OR
THREE INCHES BUT HE THOUGHT
ABOUT KEEPING IT AND NOT TAKING
IT OUT BECAUSE IT'S KIND
OF WARM.
YEAH, BUT IT WE DON'T KNOW THE
CONDITION OF THE BRICK WE MAY
HAVE TO GET IN TO TALK POINTING
AND WATERPROOFING BUT THERE'S A
CHANCE THAT WE MAY HAVE TO DO
IT.
IT'S VERY IT'S UNKNOWN RIGHT
NOW BUT OUR INTENTION IS TO
KEEP IT AND DON'T TOUCH IT.
IT'S THE SPRAY GUN YOU'RE
TALKING ABOUT LIKE REMEMBERING
SOMEONE SPRAYED WITH WHITE.
YEAH REMEMBERING AND TAKING OFF
COULD DAMAGE.
YES.
IN THAT PROCESS.
ALL RIGHT.
THERE'S THERE'S THREE SHEETS
THAT I'M TALKING ABOUT.
NO ONE SAYS BURNISHED AND
BURNISHED FILLED
SPECIFICATIONS.
THAT'S ONE I'M NOT SURE WHAT
THAT IS ABOUT.
SO PLEASE EXPLAIN THAT THE NEXT
AND SAYS T.K. PRODUCTS CONCRETE
TREATMENTS AND COATINGS IS THAT
WAY YOU JUST EXPLAINED IT WAS
NOT PLEASE EXPLAIN THAT ONE AND
THEN THE LAST ONE IS PROSECCO
MASONRY CLEANER SO I JUST LEAVE
HERE YOU SAID THE CLEANER FOR
JUST BECAUSE IT ALL SOUNDS GOOD
BUT I JUST THOUGHT WE WANT TO
KNOW LIKE THAT APPLIES WHAT IS
THE BURNISHED BLOCKS BACK
BECAUSE IT'S JUST SIMPLY WHAT
YOU SEE THERE THAT'S THE
PROBLEM IF THAT'S APPLIED ON A
NEW WATERPROOFING YOU SEND OVER
WILL GO ON ANY BRICK THAT IS
NOT THE EXACT LOCK.
YEP.
THAT'S JUST A WATERPROOFING
THAT GOES ON EXISTING.
WELL NO WHATEVER BRICKS ARE
EXTREMELY THAT ARE NOT THE
BURNISHED BLOCK TO BE APPLIED
WITH THE WATERPROOFING.
OK, THAT'S JUST A CLEAR WATER
PROOFING PRODUCT SO THAT
WOULDN'T BE THE WEST FACADE.
RIGHT BECAUSE THAT'S BEING
PAINTED RIGHT.
IT'D BE THE NORTH AND THE REST
OF IT THE NINETY NINE SEEM TO
BREAK ANY NIGHT NOT SIZE BRICK
OK AND THEN THE THE WOOD YOU
CLEAN IT FIRST WITH THE WHAT IS
THE PROSECCO YOU'RE DOING A
FULL WASHING THE WALL FIRST
ONCE IT DRIES AND YOU SPRAYED
OVER IT YOU KNOW WITH A VERY
LOW RIGHT.
YEAH AND IT PREVENTS WATER FROM
GETTING INSIDE PRETTY GOOD
PROPERTIES.
OK THANKS FOR THAT.
AND THEN JUST CIRCLING BACK TO
THE MATERIALS QUESTION CAN YOU
JUST GIVE SINCE
THIS IS THE NEW
KIND OF INFORMATION TO WHAT
WHAT WHAT DO YOU PROPOSING HERE
ON THIS PAGE YOU SHOWED THE ONE
BRICK BUT IT LOOKS LIKE THERE'S
A TRICORN BLACK ONE IN
ALABASTER.
SO WHAT WHAT DO YOU WAS THE
INTENDED COLORS FOR?
LIKE IF WE HAVE TO DO THE BLACK
WINDOWS AND THE BLACK ANY BLACK
TRIM WORK WOULD HAVE TO BE OK
TRYING TO SAVE ALL THE WINDOW
FRAMES ARE WE BLACK ALL ANY
PAINTING THAT HAS TO BE DONE
WILL BE THE BLACK.
ANY OF THE ALUMINUM WILL BE
BLACK OK THOSE TWO ARE THE
PAINT THE ALABASTER IS AS IT IS
FOR PAINTING THINGS PAINT
BETTER BE THE FRONT FACADE THE
FRONT WALL THERE'S SECOND FLOOR
WE WE MADE JUST THAT MESH WITH
THE SAMPLE BUT IT'LL BE AROUND
THAT COLOR OK AND THEN BLACK
WOULD BE LIKE LITTLE TRIM WORKS
THAT WE NEED AND THEN ALUMINUMS
WILL ALL BE LIKE DID ANY
QUESTIONS BUBBLE UP FROM ANYONE
ELSE WAS GOING THROUGH MY LIST
OF THIS SO THAT EXISTS IN ONE
EDITION THAT GOES BACK TO THE
THOSE OPENINGS ARE ALL GOING TO
BE FILLED WITH REXDALE JUST THE
REST OF THE BUILDING CORRECT.
BUT THE SILLS AND OPENINGS ARE
ALL GOING TO STAY THE SAME.
YES, STAGES AND THEN THE DOOR
HOW THAT'S INSET THE NEW ORDER
IS THERE'S AN EXISTING OPENING
THAT'S GOING TO BE ALSO
ENFIELD'S WITH SAY BACK WITH AN
EXISTING REPLACED THE NEW DOOR.
YES.
THAT'S IS THAT ON THE LINE OR
IS IT IN SORRY IF YOU'RE
LOOKING AT THE REAR END I WANT
TO SHOW THE FIRST FLOOR PLAN.
YES.
MARIA REAR OF THIS QUESTION
BECAUSE THERE'S NO I DON'T
THINK THERE'S AN ELEVATION
THERE MIGHT BE YEAH THERE'S A
THREE YEAH.
SO THERE YOU SEE IT ON THE TOP
RIGHT THERE THE DOOR IS IN
THERE'S LIKE A RECESS.
EXACTLY YEAH.
THE OR THE LITTLE FRAME DOOR IS
INSIDE FROM THE REAR WALL.
YES.
SO NO THERE THERE ARE ACTUALLY
ON THE REAR WE HAVE ONE THAT'S
ON THE SIDE RIGHT ON THE SIDE
SO YOU REALLY SEE WE'LL SEE
QUITE A BIT OF THE CORNER
OF THAT LITTLE ONE STORY YOU'LL
SEE THAT BRINGS IT ROUND.
YEAH OK THERE ARE OTHER
QUESTIONS OR SHOULD WE MOVE ON
TO THE NEXT PART HERE?
I DON'T SEE ANY OTHER QUESTIONS
SO YOU CAN TYPE BUT WE MIGHT
HAVE YOU BACK UP BUT BUT FOR
NOW WE WILL MOVE ON.
THANK YOU BOTH TO THE PUBLIC
HEARING AND SO WE WILL OPEN THE
PUBLIC HEARING FOR THIS ITEM
TWO FIFTEEN S MAIN STREET.
THIS IS AN OPPORTUNITY FOR
PERSONS TO SPEAK FOR UP TO
THREE MINUTES ABOUT THIS
APPLICATION.
SO YOU WOULD HIT STAR NINE ON
YOUR PHONE IF YOU WERE
INTERESTED.
ANYONE ON THE PHONE THERE?
CALLERS, THANK YOU.
ANYONE HERE HERE FOR PUBLIC
COMMENT?
NO, THANK YOU.
OK, I WILL NOW CLOSE THE PUBLIC
HEARING PORTION OF THIS
APPLICATION AND I WILL ASK IF
ANY COMMISSIONER WOULD LIKE TO
MAKE A MOTION ON THIS
COMMISSIONER KIND OF PLEASE.
THANK YOU.
YEAH.
TAKE YOUR TIME.
OK, I MOVE THAT THE COMMISSION
ISSUE A CERTIFICATE
OF APPROPRIATENESS FOR THE
APPLICATION AT TWO 15 TO 17 S
MAIN STREET A CONTRIBUTING
PROPERTY IN THE MAIN STREET
HISTORIC DISTRICT TO CONSTRUCT
TWO ADDITIONAL FLOORS ON TOP
OF THE BUILDING AND A FIVE
STOREY REAR EDITION AS
PROPOSED.
THE WORK IS COMPATIBLE AN
EXTERIOR DESIGN ARRANGEMENT
TEXTURE MATERIAL IN
RELATIONSHIP TO THE REST OF THE
BUILDING AND THE SURROUNDING
AREA AND THE ANN ARBOR HISTORIC
DISTRICT DESIGN GUIDELINES
ESPECIALLY FOR ADDITIONS TO
COMMERCIAL BUILDINGS, NEW
CONSTRUCTION AND THE SECRETARY
OF THE INTERIOR STANDARDS FOR
REHABILITATION AND GUIDELINES
FOR REHABILITATING HISTORIC
BUILDINGS IN PARTICULAR
STANDARDS ONE, TWO, FIVE, SIX,
NINE AND TEN.
THE GUIDELINES FOR ALTERATIONS
ADDITIONS FOR A NEW USE
ADDITIONS DISTRICT OR
NEIGHBORHOOD SETTING BUILDING
SITE MASONRY AND SETTING
ANYONE
WILLING TO SECOND THAT.
THANK YOU VERY MUCH THAT WAS
MOVED BY COMMISSIONER QUIJANO
AND SECONDED BY COMMISSIONER
SMITH.
SO NOW WE WILL MOVE ON TO A
DISCUSSION ON THIS MOTION AND I
WOULD LIKE TO START WELL LET ME
LET ME JUST SAY BEFORE WE GET
INTO IT UNLESS I'M HAPPY IF
SOMEONE HAS MAYBE SOME GENERAL
COMMENTS BUT JUST TO KIND OF ,
YOU KNOW, SECTION THINGS OFF A
BIT, WE COULD TALK ABOUT THE
ROOF ADDITIONS FIRST AND THEN
MAYBE THE REAR EDITION SECOND
JUST TO KIND OF GET OUR
THOUGHTS TOGETHER.
SO I KNOW WE HAD MAJOR
QUESTIONS ABOUT BOTH OF THOSE
ITEMS IN THE LAST GO AROUND SO
I'M WONDERING IF ANYONE JUST
WOULD LIKE TO TO SPEAK TO THE
ROOF ADDITIONS THAT WE'RE
SEEING IN THIS APPLICATION.
I THINK IT'S A SIGNIFICANT
IMPROVED ON WHAT WE'VE SEEN
PREVIOUSLY.
I DO APPRECIATE THE YOU KNOW,
THE DOUBLE SETBACK, IF YOU WILL
,HELPING REDUCE THE VISUAL
WEIGHT THE NEW EDITION.
SO CAN WE SEE THE 3D RENDERING
THAT SHOWS ONE OF THE EITHER
THE ONE FROM LIBERTY OR THE ONE
FROM WASHINGTON THAT SHOWS THAT
THE FRONT PERSPECTIVE VIEW
WHERE YOU CAN SEE SOME YEAH.
MAYBE ONE MORE WOULD DO KEEP
GOING.
THERE IT IS.
SO THAT'S WHAT YOU'RE GOING TO
SEE SAYS VIEW FROM STARBUCKS
DATED ALREADY.
YEAH OK SO THERE IT IS.
THAT'S THE THAT'S THE VIEW AND
FROM WASHINGTON DOES ANYONE
AGREE WITH COMMISSIONER K.A.
THERE SAID IT WAS A BETTER A
BETTER APPROACH.
OK, YEAH I AGREE AS WELL BUT
I'M WONDERING IS THERE ANYONE
THAT FEELS THAT THAT THIS THAT
THERE'S JUST SOMETHING ABOUT
THIS THAT'S NOT QUITE MEETING
THE STANDARDS YET BUT WHAT'S
THAT MEAN?
OK, SO LET'S TALK ABOUT IT.
WHAT WHAT WHAT ARE YOU SEEING
OR WHAT WITH THIS VIEW OR MAYBE
THE OTHER VIEW FROM WASHINGTON?
UM, JUST I GUESS JUST GENERALLY
GENERALLY SPEAKING.
YEAH, NOT NECESSARILY THIS VIEW
ALONE BUT GENERALLY SPEAKING
AND OF UNDERSTANDING THE
ORIGINAL PORTION OF THE
BUILDING AS IT SITS RIGHT NOW
AND JUST THE MASSIVE AMOUNT
OF SQUARE FOOTAGE THAT'S BEING
ADDED TO THIS BUILDING.
I'M JUST THINKING IF THIS WAS
MAYBE IT'S NOT FAIR TO THINK
LIKE HEY, IF THIS IS A DETACHED
SINGLE FAMILY HOME THAT WAS YOU
KNOW, HOW MANY STORIES IS THIS
THREE STORIES THAT WE WOULD
ALLOW A GIGANTIC ADDITION ON
THE TOP AND THEN A LIKE LIKE
TWO STORIES ON THE TOP AND THEN
A GIGANTIC FIVE STOREY EDITION
IN THE BACK.
I JUST AND ALSO CONSIDERING THE
FACT THAT THAT ALLEY ELEVATOR
IS STILL A PUBLIC ELEVATION,
I'M STILL STRUGGLING TO SEE HOW
THIS IS YOU KNOW, JUST LIKE A
LITTLE TOUCH THAT YOU KNOW, I
WOULD LIKE TO SEE.
BUT I KNOW IN TERMS OF THE
PROGRAM WHAT THIS OWNER IS
SEEKING TO DO, IT DOESN'T SEEM
LIKE YEAH, BUT I I THINK IT'S
TO BE PERSONALLY SO THAT'S
WHERE I'M AT.
I MEAN I GUESS IT DOES ANYBODY
REMEMBER SO IT'S THE EDITION IS
PUSH BACK 19 FEET THE FIRST
KIND OF EDITION.
DOES ANYBODY REMEMBER HOW FAR
IT WAS PUSHED BACK THE LAST
TIME AROUND BEFORE IT WAS IT
WAS 19 FEET BUT THE FOURTH AND
THE FIFTH FLOOR WERE ONLY THAT
SINGLE.
OK, SO THE SECOND STORY NOW WE
WERE AT ON TOP WE'VE GOT
MULTIPLE STEPS.
OK, GOTCHA.
YEAH YEAH I HAD TO DO YEAH.
WHEN YOU LOOKED AT THIS VIEW
WHERE YOU'RE SEEING HANDRAIL
WAS A WAS A FRONT FACADE OF THE
FIFTH STOREY YOU COULD SEE
WINDOWS AND LIKE A BUILDING
THERE THE FULL TO CERTAIN THAT
IT HAD THAT KIND OF SLOPING OK
OK.
I THINK THAT THE I MEAN THIS
COULD BE A THREE STOREY HOME
LIKE THAT LIKE WHEN YOU'RE
SAYING HOME ARE YOU PICTURING
LIKE A HOUSE SET BY ITSELF WITH
A YARD AROUND IT?
YEAH.
SO THIS WOULDN'T BE APPROPRIATE
IN THAT SETTING BUT THIS THIS
COULD BE THREE STORIES
OF RESIDENTIAL OR IT'S GOING TO
BE FIVE STORIES RESIDENTIAL
FOUR PLUS ONE BUT ANYWAY I
THINK THAT IT'S FOR ME I
DEFINITELY AGREE WITH YOU THAT
IF THIS WERE ON ITS OWN SITE
WHERE YOU COULD KIND OF SEE
AROUND IT AND DEFINITELY IF YOU
COULD SEE THE BACK FROM THE THE
FRONT SIDE WHICH IS CLEARLY THE
MORE THE PRIMARY SIDE LET'S SAY
YEAH.
THEN THEN WE'D HAVE REAL ISSUES
WITH THAT RIGHT.
THERE'S THE THERE'S THAT
SUPPLEMENTAL HGC STANDARD THAT
WE'VE BEEN REFERRING TO FOR
THIS ONE ON ROOFTOP EDITIONS
AND SO THAT SEEMS
TO BE WHAT
I'VE BEEN RELYING ON FOR FOR
KNOWING WHETHER OR NOT THIS IS
APPROPRIATE IN THIS CONTEXT.
THOSE EXAMPLES ARE ALL MORE
URBAN CONTEXTS LIKE THIS.
WE GO BACK AND READ IT OK, SO
ANY OTHER COMMENTS ON THE
ROOFTOP EDITION?
OK, SO THEN LET'S GO BACK A
COUPLE AND LOOK AT THE REAR
EDITION.
YEAH.
CAN WE LOOK AT THE PERSPECTIVE?
I THINK THAT MIGHT ACTUALLY BE
BETTER THE IT SEEMED LIKE THE
BEFORE THE THE REAR AUDITION
WASN'T REALLY TAKING INTO
ACCOUNT THE THE HISTORIC
BUILDING AT ALL LIKE IT JUST
WAS KIND OF THERE AND AND
REALLY IT WAS MORE CONCERNED
ABOUT MAYBE LIKE STRUCTURAL
ELEMENTS THAT IT WAS TRYING TO
ACHIEVE IN THE EDITION VERSUS
LIKE ANYTHING WITH THE WITH THE
HISTORIC BUILDING.
BUT I REALLY FEEL LIKE IN THIS
IN IN THIS VERSION THERE'S A
CLEAR UNDERSTANDING OF THE
STANDARDS AND THEN THE DESIGN
IS REALLY REFLECTING THAT THAT
THERE'S A KNOWLEDGE OF THE
STANDARDS AND THAT AND THAT YOU
KNOW, THE DESIGN IN A I'D SAY
TWO THINGS IN A WAY REALLY
REFLECTS THAT WELL BUT IN THE
SAME WAY, YOU KNOW, THIS IS THE
CASE OF A ADDITION COMPLETELY
SWALLOWING UP THE HISTORIC PART
OF THE BUILDING.
BUT YOU KNOW, WE'VE WE WE WE
SEE A LOT OF THOSE ON THE REAR
FACADE OF HOME ADDITIONS WHERE
THERE'S MAYBE LIKE AN EXISTING
ONE STOREY LITTLE THING AND
THEN, YOU KNOW, WE'LL ALLOW A
SECOND STORY ON TOP OF IT AS
LONG AS YOU CAN KIND OF READ
THE HISTORY OF IT.
AND TO ME THAT SEEMS LIKE
WHAT'S GOING HERE WHERE KNOW
THE ADDITION IS COMPLETELY
SWALLOWING IT BUT IT'S SAID IN
ITS THAT THAT INSET ENTRYWAY IS
REALLY A NICE WAY OF SHOWING
THAT THE CORNER OF THAT ONE
STOREY BUILDING AND THEN ALSO
JUST THE PARAPETS, THE NEW
PARAPETS ARE COMPLETELY INSET
FROM THE HISTORIC PARAPETS IF
YOU SAW THAT DETAIL AND YOU
KNOW REALLY WILL SHOW I THINK
YOU KNOW OLD VERSUS NEW
DELINEATOR AND IT'S VERY CLEAR
ANY OTHER COMMENTS ON THAT?
YOU KNOW, BE SOMEONE THAT
SOMEONE STILL FEEL LIKE THERE
IS JUST NOT QUITE RIGHT IN THE
BACK IN THE REAR THERE THE REAR
EDITION.
SO I DO APPRECIATE THE CHANGE
THAT I WAS CURIOUS OF HOW LARGE
THE MASSES.
I'M WONDERING TO INSIDE IS
ENOUGH TO DIFFERENTIATE
EXISTING FROM FROM THE NEW.
ARE YOU REFERRING TO THE
PARAPET OR WHERE ARE YOU
REFERRING TO.
I DON'T RECALL A TWO INCH INSET
DIVISION BETWEEN THE EXISTING
FOUR STORY AND THE REST OF THE
BUILDING THAT'S ON THAT HELPS.
A A.
YEAH THE
ARE YOU REFERRING TO
THE YEAH.
I'LL LET YOU FIND IT.
DOES ANYONE KNOW WHAT
COMMISSIONER IS TALKING ABOUT?
I'M NOT SURE THAT THE TWO
INCHES WAS REFERRING TO THE THE
NEW WINDOWS WAS OH YEAH.
IN THE NEW WINDOWS AND THE NEW
CONSTRUCTION THAT'S THAT WAS TO
A TWO INCH OFFSET.
IT'S IT'S INSIDE ACTUALLY THE
THE THE WINDOWS ARE BEING OLD
OPENINGS ARE BEING FILLED WITH
BRICK SET AND OH THAT THAT AS
WELL.
YEAH YEAH.
THAT'S A TYPICAL YES.
SO THOSE OPENINGS WOULD READ
STILL WHAT WE'RE LOOKING THERE
IN THE LOWER LEFT HAND CORNER
ON THE SCREEN THOSE ARE BEING
FILLED WITH BRICK THE BRICK
INFILL IS BEING INSET TWO
INCHES TO DIFFERENTIATE THAT
THIS YOU KNOW THAT THERE'S AN
OPENING THERE KIND OF GHOSTS
THAT THAT OPENING.
YEAH.
AND I THINK YOU'RE RIGHT ALSO
THAT THE WINDOWS ARE BEING
INSET INTO THE OPENINGS TWO
INCHES TO GIVE IT THAT KIND
OF HISTORIC PUNCHED OPENING
KIND OF FEEL IN DEPTH.
YEAH, OK.
COMMISSIONER ROSS, ANY COMMENTS
ON THE REAR OF THE BUILDING
HERE THAT WE'RE LOOKING AT?
WELL, YEAH AND I I'M NOT TRYING
TO CONVINCE ANYBODY BUT JUST MY
FEELING IS IT'S THE WHOLE
THING.
IT'S TOO BIG.
IT FEELS TOO BIG TO ME JUST
THAT KIND OF SWALLOWING EFFECT
I THINK WOULD ADDS TO THE
MEANING.
IT'S LIKE A REINFORCES THAT
READING IS YOU GET THE FULL
FIVE STORIES FROM THE OUTSIDE
AND YOU KNOW IT'S LIKE REACHING
OVER WITH FOUR OR FIVE OVERTOP
THE EXISTING THREE STORIES BUT
FROM THE KIND MY MIND THE MORE
PRIMARY VIEWS OF THE STORY
BUILDING YOU DON'T GET THAT
FROM SWALLOWING THE EFFECT
RIGHT.
I MEAN FOR MY TWO SENSES
LOOKING A BAD ALLEYWAY, YOU
KNOW, EVERYTHING IS BUILT OUT
TALL TO THAT LINE.
YOU KNOW, THOSE ARE BIG
BUILDINGS.
I I THINK THAT THERE'S YOU KNOW
THERE'S NO QUESTION IT'S A BIG
ADDITION BUT IT'S I FEEL LIKE
IT'S MORE THOUGHTFUL THAN SOME
OF THE OTHER EDITIONS WE'VE
SEEN ON THE REAR BUILDINGS AND
ALLEYS.
AND NOW I WAS LOOKING AT THE
PHENOLOGY BUILDING IN THE BACK
OF THAT AND THE THAT'S TREATED
THIS IS ONE HUNDRED THOUSAND
TIMES BETTER THAN THAT.
I FEEL, YOU KNOW, OUR ALLEYWAYS
ARE NOT PEDESTRIAN CONNECTIONS.
THEY'RE NOT PUBLIC SPACES.
THEY'RE SERVICE ALLEYS AND THIS
IS ONE OF THE MOST CHALLENGING
.
SO EVERYTHING THAT I'M WORRIED
ABOUT ABOUT THE BUILDING IS
OUTSIDE THE PURVIEW OF THE
HISTORIC DISTRICT COMMISSION.
HOW DOES THE FUNCTION HOW DOES
HOW DO YOU MAKE SURE THE OTHER
BUILDINGS ARE OK DURING
CONSTRUCTION?
BUT I THINK YOU KNOW, FROM MY
STANDPOINT THERE'S A LITTLE
SPACE THERE.
I THINK IT'S A CREATIVE USE
OF VERY LIMITED SPACE AND YOU
KNOW, I THINK, YOU KNOW, THE
WAY THAT THEY'VE TREATED IS
INAPPROPRIATE.
THANK YOU.
ANY OTHER COMMENTS?
OK, I WAS THE LAST SECTION THAT
I DON'T KNOW IF YOU HAVE
COMMENTS ON OR NOT IS JUST THE
WINDOWS AND THE DOORS AND JUST
THE MATERIALS IN GENERAL.
I THINK THAT WE WE HEARD SOME
MORE ABOUT THEM TONIGHT WHAT
WAS PROPOSED VERY APPRECIATED
THAT THERE IS A A SAMPLE PASSED
AROUND THAT'S THAT'S VERY
HELPFUL.
I THINK THE WINDOWS AND DOORS
THERE THAT YEAH.
ALUMINUM CLAD WOOD PELLET DOORS
SO YOU KNOW THEY'RE CHOOSING A
HIGH QUALITY PRODUCT THE
ANIMAL.
YEAH.
IT FEELS COMPATIBLE TO YOU.
THEY'RE THEY'RE NOT TRYING TO
YEAH.
OVERSHADOW THE MORE CHARACTER
THEY'RE THEY'RE NOT TRYING TO
OF THE HISTORIC WINDOWS SO WHAT
OVERSHADOW THE MORE CHARACTER
DO YOU THINK ABOUT THE THE
OF THE HISTORIC WINDOWS SO WHAT
LIKES OF THE FRONT FACADE, THE
DO YOU THINK ABOUT THE THE
ADDITION FOUR AND FIVE THE LIKE
LIKES OF THE FRONT FACADE, THE
THE THE LAYOUT OF THE WINDOWS
ADDITION FOUR AND FIVE THE LIKE
JUST IT SEEMS LIKE THEY'RE THEY
THE THE LAYOUT OF THE WINDOWS
MADE A FURTHER ATTEMPT TO SEE
JUST IT SEEMS LIKE THEY'RE THEY
HOW IT'S LIKE THREE BAYS IN A
MADE A FURTHER ATTEMPT TO SEE
CENTER EXTENDING THAT RYTHM.
HOW IT'S LIKE THREE BAYS IN A
THAT'S RIGHT.
CENTER EXTENDING THAT RYTHM.
IT SEEMS APPROPRIATE FOR THIS
THAT'S RIGHT.
FACADE IN PARTICULAR THAT TO
IT SEEMS APPROPRIATE FOR THIS
REALLY KIND OF TALK BACK TO THE
FACADE IN PARTICULAR THAT TO
THE HISTORIC PORTION OF THE
REALLY KIND OF TALK BACK TO THE
BUILDING AND YOU KNOW, IT'S
THE HISTORIC PORTION OF THE
IT'S VERY OBVIOUS FROM THE
BUILDING AND YOU KNOW, IT'S
FRONT ELEVATION YOU'LL YOU'LL
IT'S VERY OBVIOUS FROM THE
ONLY SEE IT LIKE THIS IF YOU'RE
FRONT ELEVATION YOU'LL YOU'LL
UP THREE STORIES ACROSS THE
ONLY SEE IT LIKE THIS IF YOU'RE
STREET.
UP THREE STORIES ACROSS THE
BUT IT IT KIND OF TELLS THE
STREET.
STORY IN A WAY THAT IS
BUT IT IT KIND OF TELLS THE
RESPECTFUL I THINK TO THE TO
STORY IN A WAY THAT IS
THE HISTORIC PROPERTY.
RESPECTFUL I THINK TO THE TO
OK, ARE THERE ANY OTHER
THE HISTORIC PROPERTY.
COMMENTS ON THIS APPLICATION
OK, ARE THERE ANY OTHER
HERE?
COMMENTS ON THIS APPLICATION
ANY OTHER ANY OTHER LAST BITS
HERE?
TO DISCUSS?
ANY OTHER ANY OTHER LAST BITS
OK, IN THAT CASE WE'LL MOVE ON
TO DISCUSS?
TO A COMMISSIONER VOTE ALL
OK, IN THAT CASE WE'LL MOVE ON
THOSE IN FAVOR OF THE MOTION
TO A COMMISSIONER VOTE ALL
PLEASE SAY YES.
THOSE IN FAVOR OF THE MOTION
YES ALL THOSE OPPOSED PLEASE
PLEASE SAY YES.
SAY NO NO.
YES ALL THOSE OPPOSED PLEASE
THE MOTION CARRIES YOUR
SAY NO NO.
APPLICATION HAS BEEN APPROVED.
THE MOTION CARRIES YOUR
CONGRATULATIONS.
APPLICATION HAS BEEN APPROVED.
YEAH.
CONGRATULATIONS.
THANK YOU.
YEAH.
TAKE CARE
.
OK SO THAT'S IT FOR HEARINGS WE
WILL MOVE ON TO NEW BUSINESS
AND WE DO HAVE SOME NEW
BUSINESS TO DISCUSS THIS
EVENING.
SO YES, THIS IS WHERE I WILL
REALLY BE MISSING WITH THATCHER
BUT WE'LL DO OUR BEST HERE
BECAUSE WE HAVE TO TALK ABOUT
THE ELECTION OF OFFICERS AND I
BELIEVE THERE WERE SOME WHO'S
THE COMMISSIONER WHO IS IN
CHARGE OF THE CITY.
OK, MR CALDERON, DO YOU HAVE A
REPORT FROM THE OFFICER
ELECTION OR YOU ACTUALLY SENT
TWO EMAILS APOLOGIZING IF I HAD
AN EMAIL TO BE ROCHERLEA JUST
KIND OF ASKING THEM IF THEY
SHARED BY SHARING
OK, I ACCEPT
I SUPPOSE DO WHAT DO WE DO?
WE HAVE TO VOTE ON THAT MOTION.
I VOTE ON IT.
THAT'S A SECOND.
YEAH, SURE.
AND THEN WE CAN DISCUSS AND I
THINK IS THERE ANY DISCUSSION
ON THE MOTION OR DON'T WE NEED
A SECRETARY?
IS THERE A THIRD I AGREE YEAH.
OK IT'S OK.
WE HAD AN EMAIL IT WAS OK SO
WE'VE GOT SO THE SLATE IS
COMMISSIONER ROCHLIN
COMMISSIONER KIYONO VICE CHAIR
AND COMMISSIONER FOR AN HOUR
FOR THE SECRETARY.
OK AND SO THAT'S THE MOTION IS
THAT THE MOTION THAT YOU
SECONDED.
OK VERY GOOD AND I'M NOT
HEARING ANY DISCUSSION.
DO WE HAVE A DISCUSSION.
OK I HAVE SOME DISCUSSION YEAH
I UNFORTUNATELY WILL BE
STEPPING DOWN OK DO THIS IS
NEWS PERSONAL EVENTS OK SO IT
WOULDN'T BE APPROPRIATE THEN
FOR YOU TO BE VICE CHAIRS THAT
WERE WHATEVER HERE THEY WOULD
NOT BE PRESENT.
OK SO DO WE JUST DO THIS REAL
TIME HERE ARE YOU AVAILABLE FOR
VICE CHAIR AND SO THEN WE NEED
A IS THIS WHAT WE'RE SUPPOSED
TO BE DOING?
DOES THIS FEEL OK?
OK, OK.
AND SO NOW WE NEED A SECRETARY
AND I'M LOOKING AT COMMISSIONER
ROSS SO I HAVE A SABBATICAL
SITUATION SO I'M GOING TO BE
MOVING FROM ANN ARBOR IN MAY.
IT PROBABLY DOESN'T WORK EITHER
AND TO OK SO THEN I'M NOT SURE
I GUESS WE'LL JUST GO DOWN THE
LIST HERE AND IF WHAT ONE
OF THE THREE NEW PEOPLE WOULD
BE INTERESTED IN SECRETARY I
THINK THAT'D BE GREAT.
BUT IT THERE'S NO THERE'S
NOTHING TO DO ACTUALLY.
YES, THERE'S LITERALLY NOTHING.
YEAH.
YOUR ONLY CONCERN IS I JUST
DON'T WANT TO FAIL THE
EXPECTATIONS OF A POSITION LIKE
I'M YOU KNOW, FEELING ABOUT HOW
THIS FITS INTO THIS.
THERE IS NOTHING MORE MEETING A
MONTHLY LIKE AND ALSO
ORGANIZATIONAL RIGHT NOW.
THAT'S WHY RIGHT NOW YES.
THAT WE WOULD ENJOY THE IRONY
BUT IT'S REALLY JUST LIKE WE
NEED THREE AND THEN IT WOULD BE
LIKE A NATURAL PROGRESSION.
SECRETARY VICE CHAIR AND THEN
CHAIR.
NO ONE IS FORCED AS ANYONE TO
DO ANY OF THOSE.
SO IT'S JUST I SUPPOSE HOLDING
THE POSITION NO WILLING TO
TOLERATE MY OK.
ALL RIGHT.
DAVID.
YES.
I BELIEVE WE NEED TO HAVE A
VERBAL ACCEPTANCE FROM EACH
MEMBER AS IF ONCE YOU FIGURE
OUT WHO IS GOING TO BE
NOMINATED FOR A POSITION, WE
NEED TO HAVE A VERBAL I ACCEPT
SO THAT WAY I CAN PUT THAT IN
THE NOTES.
OK, AND SO IT'S NOT JUST IF
ANYONE GOES BACK AND SEES IT
AND SAYS WELL YOU KNOW, STEVE
DIDN'T SAY YES.
IS HE THE SECRETARY?
YEAH.
SO ONCE YOU ACCEPT THIS
POSITION WE HAVEN'T VOTED YET
THOUGH SO WE ACCEPT THE
NOMINATION AND THEN WE'LL VOTE.
YEAH WELL LET'S DO THAT AND DO
IT WRONG.
WE'LL FIX IT NEXT MONTH AND
THEN OK I'M SORRY I WAS
INTERRUPTING NO YOU'RE FINE BUT
I'M JUST I'M GOING OFF PAST
YES.
THAT I BELIEVE IT'S I NOMINATE
ADC AND THEN ABC ACCEPTS OR
THREE DOESN'T AND THEN THEY
BRING A D BUT WE HAVE OF THE
VERBAL I ACCEPT I DECLINE JUST
SO THERE'S NO I'M PRETTY SURE
OF THAT.
THANK YOU VERY MUCH FOR
EVERYONE WATCHING AT HOME.
THAT'S RIGHT.
MR FORTNER.
DO YOU ACCEPT YOU I ACCEPT YOUR
NOMINATION OK I ALSO ACCEPT MY
NOMINATION.
THERE'S BEEN A SECOND SO
THERE'S BEEN DISCUSSION.
IS THERE MORE DISCUSSION?
OK, SO ALL THOSE IN FAVOR
OF THIS NOMINATION PROCESS
PLEASE SAY YES.
YES, ALL THOSE OPPOSED.
OK, THE MOTION PASSES VERY
GOOD.
THANK YOU FOR YOUR HELP THERE
COURTNEY.
OK, THERE'S MORE OF YOUR
BUSINESS AND THAT IS THE TWO
THOUSAND TWENTY FOUR HD MEETING
CALENDAR YOU'VE ALL BEEN
WAITING FOR THIS TO BE DROPPED
AND IT'S NOW LIVE SO IT'S GOING
TO TAKE A LOOK AT IT.
STILL A DRAFT ACTUALLY AT THIS
POINT BUT IT WOULD BE DO YOU
HAPPEN TO HAVE IT?
WE CAN LOOK AT IT OR DO YOU NOT
HAVE IT NOW THAT'S FINE.
SO YOU KNOW, SOMETIMES THERE'S
THERE'S WEIRD THINGS WHERE
THERE'S AN ELECTION OR
SOMETHING.
I SEE THAT THE NOVEMBER THE
MEETINGS ON THE FOURTEENTH ON
MARCH THE FOURTEENTH THAT SEEMS
MAYBE KIND OF LATE BUT IT JUST
SEEMS LIKE A NORMAL NOTHING TOO
WEIRD
FOR ME.
IT'S A LEAP YEAR.
I DON'T KNOW IF THAT'S
AFFECTING IT'S JUST THE WAY THE
CALENDAR FALLS IN THOSE MONTHS
JUST YEAH.
VERY GOOD.
OK, I DON'T THINK WE ACTUALLY
DO ANYTHING WITH THIS BUT I, I
REALLY DON'T REMEMBER HAPPENS
ONCE A YEAR SO ANYONE WANTS TO
MAKE CHANGES OR OBJECTS TO THE
DATES THE NEIGHBORHOOD IS TO BE
A TIME TO DO IT.
YEAH THEY QUESTION BUT LIKE YOU
SAID WITH THE LEAP YEAR THAT'S
WHY IT KIND OF LOSE THE DATES
AROUND A BIT AND THEN IF THERE
ARE NO OBJECTIONS OR NO
SUGGESTED CHANGES THEN IT'S
JUST A VOTE.
SO IT'D BE YOU COULD DO A VOICE
VOTE I BELIEVE OK, SO I'M ALL
IN FAVOR OF APPROVING THIS
TWENTY TWENTY FOUR MEETING
SCHEDULE FOR THE D.C. POLICE
SAY YES, YES, YES IT'S GREAT
THE MOTION PASSES, THE CALENDAR
PASSES VERY GOOD.
SO THAT'S ALL THE NEW BUSINESS
FOR THIS EVENING.
WE'LL MOVE ON TO H APPROVAL
OF MINUTES SO WE'VE GOT THE
NOVEMBER 9TH TWENTY TWENTY
THREE MEETING MINUTES IN YOUR
PACKET WONDERING IF ANYONE HAS
ANY COMMENTS QUESTIONS CHANGES
ON THE NOVEMBER BENITZ HEARING
NONE.
THE MINUTES ARE APPROVED AS
SUBMITTED.
OK, NOW WE'RE ON I REPORTS WERE
COMMISSIONED FROM COMMISSIONERS
AND I'M WONDERING DO ANY
COMMISSIONERS HAVE REPORTS I'M
SEEING NONE SO WE'LL MOVE ON TO
ASSIGNMENTS.
WE'VE GOT AN ASSIGNMENT FOR THE
REVIEW COMMITTEE FOR JANUARY
ITS JANUARY 8TH AT NOON.
THE MEETING IS THURSDAY THE
ELEVENTH.
SO ANY TAKERS JANUARY EIGHT?
THAT'S A MONDAY BACK TO SCHOOL
DAY AND ONE DAY IT'S AT NOON.
OK, OK SO WE'VE GOT STEVE AND I
AM ALSO AVAILABLE.
NO ONE ELSE IS AVAILABLE.
HOLD ON I'M AVAILABLE.
OH GOOD ON MONDAY.
GREAT BUT YOU'RE NOT COMING TO
THE MEETING.
I NEED TO VERIFY THAT I CAN
MAKE IT TO THE MEETING.
OK SO COMMISSIONER CARRENO WILL
I LET YOU KNOW BUT I WILL BE
THE ALTERNATE IF IF THE
COMMISSIONER CAN OR CANNOT DO
IT AND WE'VE GOT COMMISSIONER
APLAN ALL SIGNED UP SO NOON ON
THE 8TH THAT COULD BE THE
ALTERNATE ALTERNATE ALTERNATE
WELL I MEAN FIRST ALTERNATE
THEN YOU ARE NORMALLY AVAILABLE
AT NOON BUT YOUR SCHEDULE MUST
HAVE CHANGED.
I'M NOT I MEAN I'M NOT BUT WE
DON'T HAVE AN HTC MEETING
STRAIGHT OK SO OK THANK YOU SO
YOU COULD DO IT.
YEAH OK YEAH VERY GOOD LUCK.
IT'LL BE COMMISSIONER HEINO
COMMISSIONER TOMORROW YOU HAVE
TO DO IT THEN.
COMMISSIONER ROSS ALTMANN THANK
YOU SO MUCH.
THIS WELL MR WHAT'S THAT.
SO JILL WILL SEND OUT AN EMAIL
YOU'LL YOU'LL MOST LIKELY MEET
AT LIKE WELL YOU CAN HEAR
THAT'S RIGHT.
RIGHT YEAH.
OK SO NOW WE'RE ONTO REPORTS
FROM STAFF I'M GUESSING WE
DON'T HAVE ANY REPORTS.
THANK YOU.
THE REPORTS VERY GOOD.
ANY CONCERNS OF COMMISSIONERS
WE'RE ON TO THE MOMENT OF THE
MEETING WHERE YOU CAN EXPRESS
YOUR CONCERNS.
THERE'S NO CONCERNS.
I DON'T THINK WE HAVE ANY
COMMUNICATIONS, CHRIS, DID YOU
DID YOU SEE ANY COMMUNICATIONS
COMING OUR WAY?
NO.
VERY GOOD.
WELL THAT'S THAT'S GOOD NEWS IN
THAT CASE WE WILL ADJOURN
TONIGHT'S MEETING.
I NOW ADJOURNED THE DECEMBER
FOURTEENTH TWENTY TWENTY THREE
MEETING.
THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
ALL SPECIAL THANKS TO CHRIS
MUCH APPRECIATE AND THANK YOU
BOTH.
>> SO I GOT TO FINISH WRITING
THIS CARD HERE